♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR]
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a series
of fierce battles,
the Straw Hat Pirates
have reached the waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Their first stop is the
island of Punk Hazard,
where they face off against the
mad scientist, Caesar Clown.
When he unleashes a
terrifying chemical weapon
known as "Land of the Dead,"
the Straw Hats barely survive.
Now, they dash through
a massive laboratory,
alongside their new ally,
the Warlord, Trafalgar Law.
Their objective
is to kidnap Caesar,
free his captives
and escape the island.
Hold on, you can talk?
Who the hell are you?
Who am I?
I am the one who should
be asking that of you!
[LUFFY] "A Small Dragon!
Momonosuke Appears!"
[LUFFY]
Momonosuke?
[MOMONOSUKE]
Indeed.
That is my name.
[LUFFY] I swear I've heard
that somewhere before.
That's really gonna bug me.
[MOMONOSUKE] I can assure you,
we've never met before.
But that aside, stop staring!
[stomach rumbling]
And don't drool!
You will never make
a snack out of me!
If you try, I will
swallow you whole!
Please step away!
Ahh! Are you stuck on
this thing somewhere?
You're talking with
your farts, right?
Hey! Hello?
What?! Have you lost your mind?!
[LUFFY grunts]
C'mon!
[yells]
I broke him! Sorry!
[KIN'EMON grunts] Oh.
It seems I've been liberated.
Your words make no sense to me!
Flatulence? As a form of
communication? How absurd!
That dragon was a lot bigger.
Not much room for legs here.
It didn't look much
like this one either.
Hey, wait a sec.
Whoa!
You're not a dragon.
You're a talking eel!
[stomach rumbles]
Wipe away that drool!
I am not an eel!
[stomach rumbles]
[MOMONOSUKE groans]
[LUFFY] Looks like
we're both hungry, huh?
Don't be absurd. I am
a proud samurai warrior.
Ten days of fasting
is nothing to me. [pants]
That's crazy!
[stomach rumbles]
Tell me. Who are you?
And why are you here?
Oh, me? Luffy.
I'm gonna be King
of the Pirates someday!
P-P-P-P--
P--
[LUFFY grunts]
[MOMONOSUKE grunts]
That's a joke.
Pirates are all wide of girth,
quite tall in stature,
hairy and crude.
Their king would surely smell
much worse than you as well.
Anyway, can you get me out?
C'mon, eel. This is
your home, isn't it?
The name's Momonosuke!
[sighs] I see. So you must
not be from here either.
[MOMONOSUKE]
I am an outsider as well.
I only know that sick children
have been gathered
in this place.
[MOMONOSUKE] I know not
what manner of island this is,
nor what strange
fate has befallen me.
[MOMONOSUKE] My misfortune
began when I was discovered
as a stowaway on a
seafaring vessel nearby.
[MOMONOSUKE grunts] At first,
I tried to distance myself
from the other children here.
But they were so kind, and they
were quite insistent as well.
[GINKO] They're giving out
food. Aren't you hungry?
Silence! Stay back!
[GROUP gasps]
Heed this! I am a samurai!
I do not accept alms or pity!
--[stomach rumbles]
--[MOMONOSUKE grunts]
I was terribly stressed.
I do regret my brusqueness.
Don't be shy! We've got plenty!
I told you I don't
want any, didn't I?!
[stomach rumbles]
But you have to eat something!
We're all separated
from our parents,
so we have to stick together.
My turmoil is mine alone!
You do not know how I feel!
[stomach rumbles]
Hello, children.
I am Master Caesar.
This room is all yours.
And as long as you're here,
we'll take very special
care of you. [laughs]
Are all the kids
here sick like us?
Some are awful big--
they must be giants!
Have fun! You'll make
lots of new friends here!
And I promise,
we'll give you yummy candy
and all the toys you want!
Hey, you guys.
Everyone's nice here,
so don't worry.
[GINKO]
Okay! Thanks!
Hey. You okay?
What's your name, kid?
[MOMONOSUKE] I have none
for the likes of you!
[stomach rumbles]
You hungry?
[MOMONOSUKE gasps]
[MOCHA]
Here, have a snack.
[MOMONOSUKE grunts]
I don't want it.
[MOCHA]
Candy?
Go away!
[GINKO chuckles]
Hold up, so you're telling me
one of the children ran away?
[SUBORDINATE B]
Yeah, but it's weird.
Everyone on the boarding
list is accounted for.
[SUBORDINATE C]
That is weird.
Doesn't matter. Let's just
split up and find them quick!
[MOMONOSUKE panting]
[MOMONOSUKE]
How can I escape this place?
[MOMONOSUKE grunts]
[panting]
[MOMONOSUKE gasps]
[grunts]
[grunting]
[MOMONOSUKE grunts]
[GINKO]
Hey, you!
We were on the same ship
together when we came here.
Do you remember me?
[MOMONOSUKE grunts]
[GINKO] Momonosuke?
That's an interesting name.
This is a secret room.
It's bad to come here.
[MOMONOSUKE]
You need not involve yourself
with me any further.
Please go away.
Huh, why is that?
I was just--
I have no need to
make petty excuses!
Listen, you cannot be
my friend, because--
Because I--
I am going to escape this place!
It's sad, but we all
know how you feel.
'Cause we're the same way.
[gasps]
Everyone wants to
see their family.
We all wanna go home soon.
[MOMONOSUKE grunts]
Even though we all came
from different islands,
we're friends now.
And, hey, we'll all
get better, I'm sure!
In the meantime,
even if we miss our parents,
it's not so bad, if you ask me.
The Biscuit Room is so fun,
and we still have each
other to count on, right?
Come back, have
something to eat.
Do that and I'm sure you're
gonna feel much better
in no time, Momonosuke!
But I, uh...
[SUBORDINATE A]
Huh?
[SUBORDINATE B]
What's up?
Uh-oh, better move.
Quick, before they find us!
[MOMONOSUKE grunting]
[SUBORDINATE A] This door
isn't supposed to be open.
Hurry up!
[grunts] Do not waste your
concern on me. Run away!
[GINKO grunts]
[MOMONOSUKE groaning]
[yells]
Is there somebody in here?
[MOMONOSUKE groaning]
[SUBORDINATE B]
Uh, that's weird.
Don't move!
[gasps]
[MOMONOSUKE groaning]
[SUBORDINATES gasp]
[groans, yells]
[SUBORDINATES]
A-A dragon!
[MOMONOSUKE yells]
[SUBORDINATE B]
What did we walk into?
No clue.
[GINKO gasps]
What-- What happened
to Momonosuke?
[MOMONOSUKE yelling]
[SUBORDINATE A]
I think they were storing
some weird Devil Fruit in here.
Dr. Vegapunk tried
creating one himself.
[SUBORDINATE B] I heard
it was a failure, though.
Me, too, but he
made something here.
[MOMONOSUKE yelling]
[panting] That pain in
my chest was overwhelming!
I feared that my
heart might burst!
[pants] I was running
at a great speed,
but something feels strange.
My legs, feel like...
Uh.
Huh?!
[MOMONOSUKE grunting]
[screaming]
[MOMONOSUKE]
So, I was a human...
...once at least.
I see. So you ate a Devil Fruit.
The Eel Eel Fruit?
You fool. Look closer.
Eels do not have horns.
Well, no biggie.
Why don't ya use your power
to turn back to normal?
What?
It's really that simple?
So I can do that?
Teach me how!
Sorry. I can't. I don't
have Zoan powers, y'know.
Man, I can't even see
the hole I fell through.
How high does that
ceiling go up, anyway?
I am eager to escape
this place as well.
The children must be
informed of the truth.
I heard something dreadful.
Huh?
Caesar--he unwittingly
revealed a dark secret.
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
[CAESAR CLOWN] Yes, the
children are quite obedient.
[MOMONOSUKE]
Uh?
[CAESAR CLOWN] They're enlarging
with no particular side effects.
But of course, I don't
expect that to last long,
since the purpose
of this experiment
is to test the
limits of dosage size.
[MOMONOSUKE grunts]
Well, at any rate,
I'm sure they'll all die off
in about five years or so.
[laughs]
Hopefully no one will catch on
and we can bring in a new batch.
Failure is part
of experimentation.
A necessary sacrifice.
Nothing wrong with donating
your body to science after all.
It's just, in this
case, it's mandatory.
All for the good of the
world, or for me at least.
Besides, it's not like
the little ignoramuses
were going to do anything
useful with their lives, right?
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
That man's kindness
is nothing but a facade!
He will drive those children to
an early grave
without even an ounce of regret!
And they know nothing.
You hungry?
[MOMONOSUKE grunts]
[MOCHA]
Here, have a snack.
It's sad, but we all
know how you feel.
'Cause we're the same way.
Everyone wants to
see their family.
We all wanna go
home really soon.
I can't leave them to die.
I must aid them.
Yes. On my honor as
a warrior, I'll fight!
In truth,
I was already on my way to warn
them of their present danger,
but when I hid in a trash can,
I fell down to this
wretched place.
[LUFFY growls]
Caesar!
[MOMONOSUKE grunts]
[LUFFY] All right, Momo. We're
wasting too much time in here.
I'm getting us out!
How? You remarked yourself
on the height of the ceiling!
[LUFFY]
I'm gonna climb.
Hold on to my back.
[gasps]
[LUFFY] And don't worry about
the kids, they'll be fine.
My friends are on
their way to help them.
Is that true?
Yeah, and they always
keep their word.
Just worry about
yourself for now.
[MOMONOSUKE chuckles]
I see.
I was right after all.
You are no lowly pirate,
but a valiant...
[MOMONOSUKE groans]
What's wrong?
Momo! Do you need food?
C'mon buddy, get up!
You gotta pull it
together, okay?
Hey, stay with me! Are you
listenin'? Hang in there!
You gotta pull it together!
Pull it together!
[DOFLAMINGO] Pull it
together! Pull it together!
Pull it together!
[screams]
What's wrong?
[MOMONOSUKE yelling]
Uh, hey?
[continues yelling]
[LUFFY]
Momo? Calm down!
[MOMONOSUKE continues yelling]
[LUFFY]
Hello?
Hey, wait!
--[MOMONOSUKE yelling]
--[LUFFY gasping]
Oh, cool! So you can fly!
[MOMONOSUKE continues yelling]
[USOPP, KIN'EMON panting]
Hope Nami's team's
doing okay without me.
I mean, they've got Zoro,
but he's no Usopp!
I vow to save you, Momonosuke!
Stay strong, son.
It won't be long now!
Hey, Brook! Look around for
some Sea Prism Stone handcuffs!
Robin said we're
gonna need them!
Worry not, Sir Corpse,
I shall take care of
your body in your absence!
[BROOK cackles]
Just count on me!
One samurai's son and
a few pair of handcuffs!
I would imagine both of them
must be somewhere close by.
Let's just slip through
this wall, first!
His name's Momonosuke, right?
I imagine he dresses
like his father,
so he shouldn't be difficult
to pick out of a crowd. Huh...
Hey! Little samurai boy?
[VERGO] There's no getting
through my Armament Haki.
You should know by now this
won't end well for you.
[SMOKER panting]
[VERGO]
You're not a fool, Smoker.
Stop this nonsense before
you force me to kill you.
[SMOKER grunts]
[LAW]
Vergo.
[VERGO]
What do you have to gain?
Is this some misguided attempt
to avenge the death
of those scumbags?
[SMOKER grunts] They may be
a bit rough around the edges,
but they're better
Marines than you'll ever be!
And those boys can take a punch,
so I wouldn't write
them off just yet.
[SMOKER grunts]
[SMOKER]
Shave!
[VERGO gasps]
--[SMOKER grunts]
--[VERGO groans]
Have some faith in
the Navy, you scum.
[VERGO grunts]
[cracking]
[SMOKER pants]
[VERGO]
I'm surprised, Smoker.
I never took you for the
sentimental type.
[MARINES yelling]
Everybody, this way!
Just a little bit more!
Head straight into
the Biscuit Room! Hurry!
[SANJI]
You guys are too slow!
Are you so stinkin' lazy you'd
rather die from poison gas
than hustle for
once in your life?
--[SANJI] Move it!
--[MARINE B yelps]
[MARINE C yells]
Stop kicking, please!
[MARINE E yelling]
We're trying out best!
There's no time! Hurry up!
[MARINE F yells]
Too much kicking!
[MARINE G]
It hurts!
I think Black Leg is going
to kick us all to death
before the poison gas
gets to us-- [screams]
[SANJI]
Stop complaining!
[MARINE D]
We're trying our best!
Well, try harder, okay?!
Get your ass to the Biscuit Room
now!
We've got some kids to save!
It's cold! This whole
room is a blizzard!
As soon as I take my coat off,
that bird woman makes it snow!
I am gonna choke her!
Stop! You guys can't eat
that candy no matter what!
Run away, Mocha, go!
Just give us the candy!
You can't run forever, y'know!
You're crazy! All of
this just for candy?
[SYND]
You just want it for yourself!
[KONBU]
Don't be greedy!
Perhaps I can slow them down.
[ROBIN groans]
I'd rather you not.
--[BOTH gasp]
--[NAMI] Robin!
[ROBIN groans]
[NAMI] Hang in there,
we have to fight!
[gasps]
[chuckles] You must
be Pirate Hunter Zoro.
I hear you have
a rather massive bounty!
You three! Do something
to stop those kids!
[ROBIN, CHOPPER NAMI grunt]
You're a Logia-type, huh?
All right, then. Bring it on!
[NARRATOR] Monet uses her
snow powers to toy with Zoro.
But the swordsman
valiantly holds his ground
in order to help Nami and her
companions to escape.
Then, just as things
are looking up,
Monet transforms into
a terrifying monster!
Now, the crew faces a
much deadlier problem.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Deadly Fight in a Blizzard!
The Straw Hats vs.
the Snow Woman!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!